Nuno - Personal Portfolio Website Template

Nuno is a simple minimalistic portfolio theme suitable for many who want to promote themselves and their business.
This is one page to post information about yourself, your experience, services and portfolio. The template will be helpful
designers, photographers, programmers, teachers and other professionals who offer their services.
The template is fully customizable, very flexible and well documented.



Features:
Valid HTML5
Modern And Creative Design
Cross browser
Fully Responsive to all devices
Fully Customizable
Developer Friendly Coding
Very Well Documented
SCSS File Included
SVG Icons
Unique Design
Regular Updates


Credits:
Bootstrap 4
jQuery
Autofilter
Owl Carousel
Normalize
Google Fonts
Google Maps
IcoMoon


Images:
Placehold
Unsplash


Changelog:
Version 1.1 - Initial 15 February, 2020

Tunis – Personal Portfolio React Template can be used for many purposes. It’s a creative, minimal and clean design.It’s suitable for Designer, Developer, Specialist, Content Writer, Instructor, Photographer, Freelancer, Software Engineer, Teacher or others expert who Show their professional projects and services in digital way. It’s 100% responsive and Ultra Super Fast beacause it’s made with React v17+.

Tokyo – Personal Portfolio HTML Template is for many purpose. It’s creative, minimal and clean design. It has all of the features of the business website. It’s suitable for any startup business, companies, agencies, and freelancers which need a professional way to showcase their projects and services with 100% super responsive experience.

Aron is a Creative & Modern MultiPurpose Template is a perfect template for creative agencies and business startup. Multiple templates are included in this template with lots of CSS and jQuery animations, a perfect template for business startups, web studio, and digital agencies. Responsive based on Bootstrap. This is one page for placing your information. All files and code has been well organized and nicely commented for easy to customize.

Personal Portfolio Template – Noisee is fully customizable and very flexible, 6 colors schemes, 3 background styles, blog pages, one page mode. This template is perfect to promote yourself and your business, focused for: designers, freelancers, developers, programmers, coders or any other digital professions.




Nuno — это простая минималистичная тема для портфолио, подходящая для многих, кто хочет продвигать себя и свой бизнес.
Это одна страница для размещения информации о себе, о вашем опыте, услугах и портфолио. Шаблон будет полезен
дизайнерам, фотографам, программистам, учителям и другим специалистам которые предлагают свои услуги.
Шаблон полностью настраиваемый, очень гибкий и хорошо документированный.



https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDTf2X2ADIM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NeD4HLUrK70


https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=how+add+template+to+themeforest